odh-23179 feature store guide for TP (#757)
opendatahub-io/opendatahub-documentation: modules/configuring-the-feature-registry.adoc

:_module-type: PROCEDURE

[id="configuring-the-feature-registry_{context}"]
= Configuring the feature registry

[role='_abstract']
By default, when you create a feature instance using the minimal configuration, the registry is a simple SQL lite database.

The example in the following procedure shows how to configure an S3 registry.

> Feature Store allows you to configure other types of registries, such as GCS, SQL, Snowflake, as detailed in the link:https://docs.feast.dev/master/reference/registries[Feast reference documentation for registries^].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use Feature Store to configure other types of registries, such as GCS, SQL, Snowflake, as detailed in the link:https://docs.feast.dev/master/reference/registries[Feast reference documentation for registries^].
```
